Add throwOnUnresolvedImports method (#225)
thlorenz/proxyquire: README.md

    - therefore specify it exactly as in the require statement inside the tested file
    - values themselves are key/value pairs of functions/properties and the appropriate override

> ## Raise error if proxying a modulePath that the module under test does not reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Throw if proxyquire tries to load a stub that does not exist
```

> By default `proxyquire` will stub out modulePaths, whatever their path may be.

Reviewer: Do not line-wrap Markdown

> By default `proxyquire` will stub out modulePaths, whatever their path may be.

Reviewer: Avoid "stub out," it's unclear what that means. It's also not true, as the sentence is written.
